# 8. Creating your website Reflection

My Wireframe URL: https://wireframe.cc/BnbPLX (P.S. The website looks completely different and way better than the wireframe would suggest.)

My Website url: dannyshafer.github.io 

#### I spent 5 hours on this challenge.

Discuss the following:
- What was your process? What worked and didn't work?

I used the scaffold generated by Jekyll as a spirit animal guide for hwo I structured the website. So the header, head, footer, etc were all made seperately and then slurped into default.html in the _layouts folder. I tried to keep it as modular as possible and whatnot so that changes made in one place would be reflected across the site. Yay for best practices!

- What would you like to add or change about the site next?

I need to figure out how to get css preprocessing going, not that it's super urgent because I only have a page or two worth of css thus far, but that will change in the future inevitibly. I also need to learn about good web design. That's more art than science and it's something that's an area for improvement for this site and for my websites in general.   

- Was it difficult to apply the material you learned? Did you find anything in your research you thought was super cool?

CSS is the real MVP. As tough as it has been to fine-tune, there's no denying that it makes the visuals pop. I would say that it wasn't hard to apply what I learned to 90% of what I did but then the last 10% were very tough and took up the vast majority of the time. 

- Create a TODO list of features you want to add in the future.

Embed a Twitter feed, post links to all my dope web presences and the site's I've made work work, and make the interactivity >9000 with jQuery. 

- Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.

http://reference.sitepoint.com/css
